[#718] Added Signing Request model (#39)
maykinmedia/django-simple-certmanager: docs/quickstart.rst

Whenever an instance is deleted (through the admin or code), the associated files are
purged as well.

> You can create and download ``Certificate Signing Request``s (CSR) through the admin as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create and download "Certificate Signing Requests" (CSR) through the admin as well.
```
should fix the failing docs build
